Liss see I don't just say the word but I
do listen whenever you guys have
something to say I've got a lot of
requests for this movie right here which
has actually been on my watch list for
the longest time and once I heard that
this thing was getting a sequel that he
got greenlit I was on it turns out
there's an entire animated prequel to
this movie as well called soul station
which I also thought was pretty good but
when it comes to one of the
highest-grossing Korean blockbusters
train to Busan is a combo price for me
oh let me explain so the movie starts
off by showing you a guy run over a deer
who then comes back to life so you know
nothing too weird we then meet a fund
manager who's such a workaholic I'm
surprised he even remembers his
daughter's name he's buying her wheeze
that she already has always choosing
work over her and even though this
girl's been rehearsing the song for
weeks for her recital my man doesn't
show up and does she just goes
completely blank
for her birthday however he decides to
take her to visit her mom and they take
of course their trade to Busan as soon
as they walk on a random girl with
rabies rushes on which is like brow is
you is you're not paying attention like
y'all know it's rude to go out in public
if you have whooping cough if you're
sniffling in the theater again also rude
by carrying a zombie virus out in public
you're just you're disrespectful this
girl starts to run and bites the
stewardess who is facing the other way
never face the other way and even though
these guys are baseball players they
must have a 124 baseball average because
they swing and miss to the point that
the entirety of this train becomes an
Old Country Buffet these zombies are
rushing like Bieber fans trying to score
tickets obviously everyone's running as
fast as they can to the point that the
main character shuts the door in a
pregnant couple and then they just open
it turns out these zombies only move
towards what they can see or hear
there's no real sense of smell and even
if you dim the lights just a little bit
all of a sudden they go blind and also
love how they kind of switch it up where
the first chick had enough time to get
on the train show for a little bit
before she turned and now everyone just
turns faster than a dude watching queer
eye
at first I thought that the cause of it
was the government since it seemed like
there was some that were being dropped
but it turns out that that was just
zombies on top of the helicopters who
were falling off but I don't know if
they'll make it more clear in the sequel
but they do hint at the fact that
there's a virus that leaks because of
one of the plants that we saw earlier in
the movie and the fact that the main
character pulls his shares from that
company he in a sense kind of feels
vicariously responsible for what
happened like he's the reason why it
instigated it kind of like an allegory
for how most business people who make
selfish decisions end up affecting
everyone else around them all the normal
people and sometimes it comes back to
bite him in the butt they soon stop at a
train station that's overrun by zombies
so they all have to run back to the
Train but there's just one guy who
thinks he's as rich as Elon Musk and he
wants to leave everyone out there
because these people are turning into
zombie fidgets spinners so everyone gets
separated you got the main dude from his
daughter separated these elderly sisters
separated baseball boy and baseball girl
separated and then this soon-to-be dad
who watched some Game of Thrones and
play some real-life D&D picks up a sword
and a shield it just gets to work now
you got these guys who end up in car
nine right who are wanting to get to
cart their team because that's where
their loved ones are at and then
everybody else is just in car 15 so they
start prepping oh my goodness I've been
saying this right that in the apocalypse
you can't wear short sleeves you need
that you yo armor thing you got to stock
up on those ball Tron sleeves
everyone gets bit in the forearm they
listened they're able to rescue them by
not silencing their cellphones but then
then this dude right as they're about to
get out of it crushes it they eventually
make it a car 15 but everyone there is
playing snowpiercer and they just don't
want to let them in which numbnuts
forget the morality of it right of
letting another human being die you're
going to lock them out knowing that
they're clearly going to break the glass
and because of their ignorance my man
dies
[Applause]
this man even pulled a [ __ ] door in
order to give them more time that's
right when the main dude gets the cart
15 he starts beating up the businessman
which I thought was pretty clever cuz
technically he's kind of beating the
kind of person he could have become he's
fighting it off and I would have hit him
with five Conor McGregor's but to
continue the stupidity of car 15 they
decided to kick out everyone who just
made it they're the main crew to the
next car the one that's farther away
from the zombies as they remain in that
car that's why this elderly lady
releases them since she's so mad that
they let her sister Diane
well-well-well how the turntables they
get feasted on like it's a damn Golden
Corral and they all just completely die
but when they arrive to the next station
it turns out that they're gonna have to
switch trains because of a collision and
somehow this dude is still alive he ends
up ruining it for the baseball couple
who Romeo and Juliet it somehow finds a
way to even kill the damn conductor in
order to hop onto the new train to Busan
and as a remaining three struggle to hop
on the train
of course even in death this mofo finds
a way to ruin things and bites the dead
who now has to sacrifice himself for his
daughter to live and this girl kills her
performance the girl on the mound
finally arrived to Busan and are walking
down a tunnel when a group of soldiers
standing guard noticed them and they
think they're zombies
I started freaking out because all I'm
thinking about is that they're about to
pull a Night of the Living Dead and
shoot them right before they're about to
make it when she starts singing the song
that was meant for her father but as a
tribute and it literally saves their
lives thank you guys for checking out
this video I'm here to know your
thoughts on it I love this movie I
should have never held back on it I wish
I would have seen it in theaters this is
one of those that I wish I would have
seen in theaters to truly experience
that combo price but I'm very curious to
see what they're gonna do they have a
remake called Knight to Busan which I
don't get the point of that this one
works because they're obviously speaking
the language an American remake makes no
sense but there is going to be the next
one that's coming up and where I believe
it's gonna take place like all around I
think it's called bad know which
translates to Peninsula so I'm more
curious for the sequel for those of you
who have
seen the prequel it's animated
definitely check that out that yo you
guys recommended a good one for this one
so send me more of your recommendations
don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and I'll get you tickets to
the 3:10 to Busan